= vmix

Ruby wrapper for VMIX REST API.

== Installation
Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'vmix'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install vmix

== Usage

require "rubygems"
require "vmix"

=== All methods require authentication

    Vmix.configure do |config|
      # Endpoint = 'apis.vmixcore.com/apis'
      config.endpoint = REST_API_URL
      # You can choose HTTP Basic Authentication (:http_basic_auth)
      #     or Token Based Authentication (:token_auth)
      config.authentication = YOUR_AUTHENTICATION_METHOD
      # For read requests, only token is required for token-based authentication
      config.token = YOUR_VMIX_API_TOKEN
      # For read and write requests, HTTP Basic Authentication requires username and password
      config.account_id = YOUR_ACCOUNT_ID
      config.api_password = YOUR_API_PASSWORD
    end

=== Initialize the Client

    v = Vmix::Client.new(:method => :token, :token => 'your-vmix-api-token')

=== List available API method calls

    v.available_methods

=== Access methods with options

    response = v.getCollections

    response = v.getMediaList(:start => 100, :alltime => 1)

== Current Status

This currently only implements the token api.

== TODO
* Implement basic auth api
* Write tests
* Improve documentation

== Contributing to vmix

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Alan McCann. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.


# VmixRubyClient

Ruby wrapper for VMIX REST API

## Installation



## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

